So my original game is lost and I can't recover the files from my local computer because my dual boot windows/linux has encountered errors I am still not able to fix. Recreating my map and adding it to the code I had saved on github does not work as the original map is not recoverable and adding a new one into the code doesnt render and makes the game unplayable. This all happened saturday evening as I was adding the last bit of functionality needed and it was not until Sunday afternoon that I realized I had to just come up with something else. I wanted to at least have something so I went through the flappy bird clone I learned how to use Phaser from and deleted the entire thing and started over from scratch until I could remake the whole thing on my own. I got as far as setting gravity and jump velocity, creating an infinitely repeating supply of obstacles and counting score. I could not actually re create it to the level I thought I could in the amount of time I had. I spent about 20 hours from Sunday afternoon until Monday morning trying to at least have something ready to show for what I've learned over the past two weeks. My goal is to have an extremely well made Phaser3 game with multiple levels, multiple enemies and obstacles and multiple win conditions by the end of the next 6 months to add to my portfolio. This project was supposed to be the rough draft of that, but due to technical issues I lost most of the progress I had made and would have to restart from the beginning. I did not have the time, so I did this instead and will spend the Christmas break recreating and making my actual portfolio project rough draft. 
In this project, however, I used the Phaser3 framework to create a canvas on which there is a yellow square. The green pipes are coded to be randomly selected to be a certain distance apart, creating varying difficulty in the opening of the path that the square can travel through, and are infinitely moving toward the square. Using the space bar the player can make the square 'jump' granting the ability to navigate the obstacles. Each time a green pipe pair passes the far left of the canvas an increase in score counter is given. If the player hits any part of the world bounds or the pipes, the game is refreshed and the score count goes to 0. There were many things that I wanted to have added to this for it to actually be well made, such as a start screen with functional buttons, a pause button and even some sort of functionality of collecting coins or berries. I think this is an ok representation of what can be accomplished with Phaser, but I'm much more looking forward to getting my actual project re-created 